Add "Use an external fuzzer with Hypothesis" how-to (#4590)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/docs/how-to/external-fuzzers.rst

Use Hypothesis with an external fuzzer
======================================

Sometimes you might want to point a traditional fuzzer like `python-afl <https://github.com/jwilk/python-afl>`__ or Google's :pypi:`atheris` at your code, to get coverage-guided exploration of native C extensions.  The associated tooling is often much less mature than property-based testing libraries though, so you might want to use Hypothesis strategies to describe your input data, and our world-class shrinking and :ref:`observability <observability>` tools to wrangle the results.  That's exactly what this how-to guide is about!

.. note::

    If you already have Hypothesis tests and want to fuzz them, or are targeting pure Python code, we strongly recommend the purpose-built `HypoFuzz <https://hypofuzz.com/>`_.

>     This page is about writing traditional 'fuzz harnesses' for native code with an external fuzzer, using parts of Hypothesis.

Author: ```suggestion
    If you already have Hypothesis tests and want to fuzz them, or are targeting pure Python code, we strongly recommend the purpose-built `HypoFuzz <https://hypofuzz.com/>`_.
    This page is about writing traditional 'fuzz harnesses' with an external fuzzer, using parts of Hypothesis.
```

I'd drop this since it's not necessarily native (though probably that is a big use case in practice)
